
WORK ON BACK END, MAKE SURE EACH APPLE ACCOUNT IS HOOKED UP TO ONLY ITS INDIVIDUAL ACCOUNT, ETC

Major problems:
album art issue with library
storefront selection, storage, retrieval and insertion in calls 
create a settings page where this and certain music kit settings can be changed, autofade, bitrate, explicit songs, etc.
Song page api calls?
better home page suggestions & recommendations
so many refreshes


ADd more api calls to home page and rearrange
create settings page and data for the user - defaults on signup, etc.
various musicplayer options, location, syncing library options, dark mode

solve expired temp album art problem

add api calls to stations & songs pages 

redesign toast

add drag and drop feature to playlist creation
'add to playlist' functionality to songs, albums
favourite artists
creation playlist edit page

THINGS TO FOCUS ON
add feature for users to follow artist - checks if they have anything new and displays on homepage
create playlist functionality - create new playlist, add song to playlist, re-order playlist, etc.
re-design library page, pagination or something so it doesn't load a million albums at once?
    > also find a workaround for the images that are not display, maybe have to retrieve in batches, maybe one solution solves both problems
Create stacks functionality (playlist composed of multiple albumIds)
create a playlist made up of favourited songs (that will display in your apple music as well)
pull more historical data and do something interesting with that.
work on search page - design, search hints, etc
create a settings page
investigate podcasts?
investigate adding friends?
search based on choice (album, song, artist, playlist, podcast?)

player buttons break if you touch them and nothing playing
fix back functionality to actually go back, there might be a global variable for this
fix if you go to an album and theres no itunes page for it nothing happens?
fix if you click an artists name and they're library then it brings you to search instead of seeking their id and presenting that result instead
like/follow artist
ACTIVITY Page, most recently followed artists, top release or recent releases from them, recent liked songs, recent liked albums
up next queue songs don't play correct song when clicked
get library to load while on the homepage to decrease load times, but only after everything else i loaded

remove name and username from signup form and user table

sidebar inspiration rom spotify:
fav songs list pinned to top
then songs, albums, playlist listed in descending order 
sorting options, filter options

center column inspiration:
a toggle that lets you click on a row and expand it to display all the items of the list
more better recommendations

things open up in the middle area
WHAT I NEED TO DO BEFORE I CAN LAUNCH
can wait for podcasts until after
test with multiple computers & apple music accounts,
most of the above 
add more datapoints to homepage (make sure I have all of them)
look at spotify and apple music and see what I'm missing

-recent searches, add podcast searches together into one page?
-create stack concept - pair up to 10 albums together to make a stack - maybe use the 3d js library to animate the stacks

** create sign up page that scans apple music library for albums, songs, playlists, favourites, etc.

**fix bug where if two of the same song on playlist they both get highlighted in playlist view when playing (filter by trackId?)

**need to set certain global variables when user signs up, settings page where these can be changed:
country code
bitrate


log out button


**add search hints in a modal that dropdown as you type - select one and it sets that as the search term/executes searches
**fix issue on library page of making sure only the album playing changes to the play sign

add default image for artist, song playlist etc

----

pagination for artistalbums

 now playing modal?

 **THIS WEEKEND
 -work on song page to get it displaying relevant data
 
 -add an 'add to queue', 'play next' feature on the options modal
 -create the playlist functionality
 -on album item make artist name into hyperlink



** add display for album image in the 'more like this album' display bar

** make sure the song history updates every time a song finishes and add a cool bubble animation where the new song pops in

** sort playlists by most recently played

** fix issue where when a song is playing, any song item with that ID will play as well



follow artist?


add different display options for library (artist, album, song, genre?)
add two buttons - one for list display and one for grid display

** create playlist, add to playlist etc.

** add big play button to album/playlist/song image
** add functionality to playlist play buttons on homepage (if type === playlists or something)

FEATURE IDEAS:
-recommendations based on heavy rotation albums
-wayback playback: pick a time in history and highlight your top albums of the time
-in general get the historical plays information and do some interesting things with it
-suggested playlist based on library listens
-when the new mix drops make it a feature at the top of the page for the first day 
